docs: add a note in the onboarding about running the backend (#374)
kernelci/dashboard: docs/Onboarding.md

poetry run python3 manage.py runserver
```

> Note:

> > It is possible to have authentication issues escaping special characters. In some cases, it is necessary to add more than one backslash, while in others, no addition is needed. To assist with this, when `DEBUG` is set to `True`, the default database will be printed in the terminal, allowing you to determine the best approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is possible to have authentication issues escaping special characters. In some cases, it is necessary to add more than one backslash, while in others, no addition is needed. To assist with this, when `DEBUG` is set to `True`, the default database info will be printed in the terminal, allowing you to determine if the characters got escaped as intended.
```

> > It is possible to have authentication issues escaping special characters. In some cases, it is necessary to add more than one backslash, while in others, no addition is needed. To assist with this, when `DEBUG` is set to `True`, the default database will be printed in the terminal, allowing you to determine the best approach.

Reviewer 2: nit: I think it's best to say "It is possible to have authentication issues _when_ escaping special characters" or "... issues _by_ escaping..."

Reviewer: `when` is probably the best word here, `by` means that you got a bug because you escaped

> > It is possible to have authentication issues escaping special characters. In some cases, it is necessary to add more than one backslash, while in others, no addition is needed. One way to see how your computer is handling the escapes is to add a print statement for the environment variable `DB_DEFAULT` in the `manage.py` file with `print(os.getenv('DB_DEFAULT'))`.

Reviewer: I think a more realistic approach would be to print the `DATABASES` variable  in

``` 
DATABASES = {
    "default": get_json_env_var(
        "DB_DEFAULT",
        {
            "ENGINE": "django.db.backends.postgresql",
            "NAME": "kernelci",
            "USER": "kernelci",
            "PASSWORD": "kernelci-db-password",
            "HOST": "127.0.0.1",
            "OPTIONS": {
                "connect_timeout": 5,
            },
        },
    )
}
```

Since we are having much trouble with escaped characters, it is a good idea to print `if DEBUG` is equal to True

Reviewer: Also, leave that print as a bug for extra precaution, I don't think it has any danger of printing passwords in production, but better safe than sorry
